Why is your execution ground more poisonous than radiation?
Kill him fart
I don't have it.
Mom
There you go.
I must find Lin Feng
For a dying man
You don't have you, do you believe it?
This old lady is so vicious
Not only did he treat his son-in-law like this
Cursing people now
People like this should be dragged out and shot
It only stains my eyes here
So shut up
What does what I'm not looking for have to do with you?
You immortal
Be so vicious
Why don't you do all kinds of things?
The most damned is you
Bully me how the fuck bully me
Why is my life so miserable? Haha.
Son goes to jail
Why is the daughter unfilial?
Ouch you
You blind scum
Will you strike lightning for the sky?
Have you seen enough?
You dare to kill me now
In front of the audience on the whole network, it shook for a while
Wow summer and autumn
Cut off the mother-daughter relationship with you
Never forget each other
You go.
Are you really going to cut ties with me?
Pardon me?
We are your parents after all
In return
I have to send you the text.
Don't come to me again
I never said anything about this daughter
It's all you
I won't let you come, you have to come
I know nonsense all day
It's all right now.
Embarrassing
Even our daughter doesn't recognize us anymore
What are you still sitting for?
Go I tell you
If you dare to lie again
I will divorce you
My son my son
still
Was I really wrong? Haha.